Adding the ability to configure the timeout of get request (#1720)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/source/en/package_reference/environment_variables.md

For more details, see the [download guide](../guides/download#download-files-to-local-folder).

### HF_HUB_ETAG_TIMEOUT

> Integer value to define etag timeout when fetching ETag on the system level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integer value to define the number of seconds to wait for server response when fetching the latest metadata from a repo before downloading a file. If the request times out, `huggingface_hub` will default to the locally cached files. Setting a lower value speeds up the workflow for machines with a slow connection that have already cached files. A higher value guarantees the metadata call to succeed in more cases. Default to 10s.
```

### HF_HUB_DOWNLOAD_TIMEOUT

> Integer value to define get request timeout when fetching a file on the system level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integer value to define the number of seconds to wait for server response when downloading a file. If the request times out, a TimeoutError is raised. Setting a higher value is beneficial on machine with a slow connection. A smaller value makes the process fail quicker in case of complete network outage. Default to 10s.
```
